In the last lecture we made items deleteable but still we can end up with lists that are too long
to fit on one page
and unlike in the web, we don't get scrolling bars automatically.
Let's have a look at the official documentation again,
there is a useful component,
do you see it here?
It's scroll view, scroll
view can be used to wrap a container to automatically allow us to scroll, to basically add scrolling functionality
because you have to keep in mind, on a native app scrolling in the end is just handling touch events
correctly,
you have to be able to handle the fact that the user pushes the screen down with his finger and therefore
scroll view is basically a component which handles these touch events for you to automatically change
your viewport.
So let's go back to our application
and in the place list here maybe, let's import scroll view instead of the normal view.
So now let's use scroll view here and replace the view in jsx with scroll view and
let's see,
let's go back to our application.
If I now reload it, let's add a couple of Munichs to this page and now you see I can scroll this list,
so I got this nice scrolling behavior which really looks and feels native,
Now I can delete the item if I click on it,
so that also works but it's also intelligent to recognize when I want to scroll,
and when I want to delete.
So let's delete a couple of ones,
now we're back and I still can scroll of course but I can't scroll outside of well where it makes sense
essentially,
also notice that the input stays inline, stays in place.
So let's do the same for Android, we decrease that, there
I can scroll too
yes you see.
So this is all working nice, this is all working as it should
and it's nice to have a solution for cases where your items exceed the space on the device.
More about how to manage the space you have available can be found in the styling section later
in the course by the way but scroll view is really only great in places where you basically know how
many elements you are going to have. For this list, we can add thousands of elements theoretically and here, you
won't really notice an issue
but on slower devices, for very long lists, using the scroll view is not ideal because it's very inefficient,
it renders all items at once
and if you have a very long list, this can eat up a lot of performance.
Therefore there's a better solution to that,
let's have a look at it in the next lecture.